Convert all references to lowercase (#1619)
conan-io/docs: devtools/build_requires.rst

.. code-block:: python

    class MyPkg(ConanFile):
        build_requires = "tool_a/0.2@user/testing", "tool_b/0.2@user/testing"

        def build_requirements(self):
            # useful for example for conditional build_requires
            # This means, if we are running on a Windows machine, require ToolWin
            if platform.system() == "Windows":
                self.build_requires("tool_win/0.1@user/stable")

> The above ``ToolA`` and ``ToolB`` will always be retrieved and used for building this recipe, while the ``ToolWin`` one will only be used

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The above ``tool_a`` and ``tool_b`` will always be retrieved and used for building this recipe, while the ``tool_win`` one will only be used
```
